Added 7-segment displays (#224)
circuitikz/circuitikz: doc/circuitikzmanual.tex

    \draw (C.s) -- ++(0,-1) node[ground]{};
\end{circuitikz}\end{LTXexample}

\subsection{Seven segment displays}

\begin{groupdesc}
    \circuitdesc*{bare7seg}{Seven segment display}{}
\end{groupdesc}

> The seven segment display let you show values as if they were displayed in a classical seven segment display.\footnote{This component has been loosely inspired by the package \texttt{SevenSeg} by Germain Gondor, 2009, see \href{http://www.texample.net/tikz/examples/seven-segment-display/}{\TeX{}example.net}.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The seven segment display lets you show values as if they were displayed in a classical seven segment display.\footnote{This component has been loosely inspired by the package \texttt{SevenSeg} by Germain Gondor, 2009, see \href{http://www.texample.net/tikz/examples/seven-segment-display/}{\TeX{}example.net}.}

```

The main ``bare'' component is the one shown above, but for simplicity a couple of style interfaces are defined:

\begin{LTXexample}[varwidth=true]
\begin{circuitikz}
    \draw (0,0) node[seven segment val=A dot off box on]{};
    \draw (1,0) node[seven segment val=- dot none box on]{};
    \draw (0,-2) node[seven segment bits=1001001 dot empty box on]{};
    \draw (1,-2) node[seven segment bits=0011101 dot none box off]{};
\end{circuitikz}
\end{LTXexample}

> You have two main syntaxes; the first one is \texttt{seven segment val} which will take an hexadecimal number or value and display it: the possible values are \texttt{0,...,15}, plus \texttt{A, B, C, D, E, F} (or lowercase) and the symbol \texttt{-} (minus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main configuration methods. The first one is \texttt{seven segment val}, which will take an hexadecimal number or value and display it: the possible values are \texttt{0,...,15}, plus \texttt{A, B, C, D, E, F} (or lowercase) and the symbol \texttt{-} (minus).

```

> The other interface is \texttt{seven segment bits}, where you specify seven bits saying which segment must be on (please never specify a different number of bits; it will give a very difficult to understand error); you can see in the anchors the name of each segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other interface is \texttt{seven segment bits}, where you specify seven bits saying which segment must be on (please never specify a different number of bits, it will throw a very obscure error); you can see in the anchors the name of each segment.

> The value \texttt{dot} specifies if you want a decimal dot or not. The key \texttt{none} will remove the dot and the space it would take; \texttt{empty} will not show the dot at all but reserve the space, and \texttt{on} or \texttt{off} will show the dot in the corresponding state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option \texttt{dot} specifies if you want a decimal dot or not. The key \texttt{none} will remove the dot and the space it would take; \texttt{empty} will not show the dot at all but reserve the space, and \texttt{on} or \texttt{off} will show the dot in the corresponding state.

> The value \texttt{box} (that can be \texttt{on} or \texttt{off}) simply toggles the drawing of the external box. You can separate it from the display with the key \texttt{seven seg/box sep} (default \texttt{1pt}), and it will use the thickness specified in \texttt{multipoles/thickness} (The same as the chips).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option \texttt{box} (can be \texttt{on} or \texttt{off}) simply toggles the drawing of the external box. You can separate it from the display with the key \texttt{seven seg/box sep} (default \texttt{1pt}), and it will use the thickness specified in \texttt{multipoles/thickness} (The same as the chips).

\begingroup
\ctikzset{seven seg/color off=gray, multipoles/thickness=1}
\showanchors{bare7seg}{}(north/90/0.4, north east/45/0.4, east/0/0.4,
south east/-45/0.4, south/-90/0.4, south west/-135/0.4, west/180/0.4,
north west/135/0.4, center/-140/0.5)
\ctikzset{seven seg/dot=off}
\ctikzset{seven seg/box=on}
\showanchors{bare7seg}{}(north/90/0.4, north east/45/0.4, east/0/0.4,
south east/-45/0.4, south/-90/0.4, center/-140/0.5)
\ctikzset{seven seg/box=off}
\showanchors{bare7seg}{}(a/90/0.4, b/45/0.4, c/0/0.4, d/-90/0.4,
e/-129/0.4, f/145/0.4, g/190/0.4, dot/-45/0.2)
\endgroup

\subsubsection{Seven segments customization}

You can change several parameters to adjust the displays:
\begin{lstlisting}[basicstyle=\small\ttfamily]
\ctikzset{seven seg/width/.initial=0.4}% relative to \pgf@circ@Rlen
\ctikzset{seven seg/thickness/.initial=4pt}% segment thickness
\ctikzset{seven seg/segment sep/.initial=0.2pt}% gap between segments
\ctikzset{seven seg/box sep/.initial=1pt}% external box gap
\ctikzset{seven seg/color on/.initial=red}% color for segment "on"
\ctikzset{seven seg/color off/.initial=gray!20!white} % ...and "off"
\end{lstlisting}

> A couple of example following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A couple of examples following:
